    Enigma (from Ancient Greek αἴνιγμα, meaning "mystery") was a portable encryption machine used by the German army to encrypt and decrypt 
secret messages. Enigma was used in commercial and military communications around the world since the 1920s, but it gained widespread use in 
Nazi Germany during World War II.
	Like other rotary machines, the Enigma consisted of a combination of mechanical and electrical systems. The mechanical part included a 
keyboard, a set of rotating discs — the rotors — which were arranged along and adjacent to the shaft, and a step mechanism moving
one or more rotors with each keypress. The electrical part, in turn, consisted of an electrical circuit connecting between the keyboard, 
the switch panel, the light bulbs and the rotors (sliding contacts were used to connect the rotors), and when you press letters, the 
corresponding light bulbs light up. 
    Rotors - the heart of the Enigma. Each rotor was a disk of approximately 10 cm in diameter with spring-loaded pin contacts on the right side 
rotor, located around the circumference. Pin and flat contacts corresponded to letters in the alphabet - contained an alphabet ring - 
(usually it was 26 letters from A to Z). Rotors implement a cipher of substitution. For example, the contact responsible for the letter E could be
connected to the contact of the letter T on the other side of the rotor. But when using several rotors in a bundle (usually three), due to their 
constant movement, a more reliable cipher is obtained.
    The reflector is the element following the last rotor, connecting the contacts of the last rotor in pairs, switching the current through the 
rotors in the opposite direction, but along a different route. The switchboard (Steckerbrett) allows the operator to vary the wire connections. 
The switchboard played a significant role in complicating the encryption of the machine, even more so than the introduction of an additional rotor.
The wire on the switchboard connected the letters in pairs, for example, "E" and "Q" could be connected together. The effect was to rearrange 
these letters before and after the signal passed through the rotors. For example, when the operator pressed "E", the signal was sent to "Q", and 
only then to the input rotor, such as T.
    The Enigma transformation for each letter can be defined mathematically as a result of permutations. As an example, consider a three-rotor 
army device. Let P denote the switch panel, U denote the reflector, and L, M, R denote the actions of the left, middle, and right rotors, 
respectively. Then the encryption E can be expressed as E= P * R * M * L * U * L-1 * M-1 * R-1 *P-1 . After each key press, the rotor moves, 
changing the transformation. For example, if the right rotor R rotates i positions, the transformation pi*R*p-i, where p is a cyclic permutation 
going from "A" to "B", from "B" to "C", and so on. Similarly, the middle and left rotor can be denoted as "M" and "L", producing 
j and k rotations respectively.